Q13:
What’s the solution for Ethereum network scalability and congestion? Talk about the solutions in detail.
(15 points)
One of the core problems with the Ethereum network, which can process 15 transactions per second, is scalability. As more and more decentralized apps (Dapps) are built on the network and the number of transactions increases, so do the gas fees.
Rollups are one such scaling solution. They involve rolling up (hence the name) collections of transactions. The final, rolled-up transaction is presented to the Ethereum blockchain as a single transaction. 
Rollups cuts costs: the cost of an Ethereum transaction, plus the small cost of rolling up batches of transactions, is split among users. They also speed things up: the rollup is very quick to perform and the Ethereum blockchain needs only to process a single transaction rather than many. That's useful when Ethereum maxes out at around 15 transactions per second unassisted.
There are two main types of rollups: optimistic rollups and zero-knowledge rollups.
Optimistic rollups make the assumption that all of this rolled-up data is valid, and that nobody is trying to fool the blockchain by hiding spurious transactions within rollups. The idea is that by assuming validity, things speed up. To protect against fraudulent transactions, optimistic rollup protocols allow people to contest bunk trades. The fraudulent transaction is submitted directly on the Ethereum network to check if it’s legit, and to settle the dispute. Both parties have ETH staked and would lose money if they are wrong or lie. 
Zero-knowledge rollups (also referred to as zk-rollups) work very differently. They rely on a piece of cryptography called a zero-knowledge proof, which allows someone to mathematically prove that a statement is true (that someone is, say, Greek) without disclosing additional information about that statement (like a passport). In crypto, these are called zk-SNARKs, in reference to an additional piece of cryptography called "succinct non-interactive argument of knowledge." This method bypasses the dispute-resolution system inherent to optimistic rollups because the "SNARK" bit only permits valid transactions to be uploaded to the rollup.
 

What’s your opinion and suggestion? Which one is better? (10 bonus points)
I myself think that ZKP would be a good solution. Cause it reduces the size of the nodes and makes the processes faster without losing any data.

